docs: update readme with continuous system details (#1050)
instadeepai/Mava: README.md

Mava currently offers the following building blocks for MARL research:

- 🥑 **Implementations of MARL algorithms**: Implementations of multi-agent PPO systems that follow both the Centralised Training with Decentralised Execution (CTDE) and Decentralised Training with Decentralised Execution (DTDE) MARL paradigms with support for continuous and discrete action space environments.

> - 🍬 **Environment Wrappers**: Example wrappers for mapping Jumanji environments to an environment that is compatible with Mava. At the moment, we support [Robotic Warehouse][jumanji_rware] and [Level-Based Foraging][jumanji_lbf] with plans to support more environments soon. We have also recently added support for the SMAX and MaBrax environments from [JaxMARL][jaxmarl].

Reviewer: while we're here can we add connector, cleaner, matrax, CVRP and gigastep? Maybe this should become a table of envs we support :thinking:

Reviewer 2: ➕ Something like this with action type:
```makefile
This table outlines the environments supported by our library ect.... 
| Library/Site | Environment Supported | Action Type |
|--------------|-----------------------|-------------|
| Jumanji      | LBF                   | Discrete    |
|              | RWARE                 | Discrete    |
|              | CVRP                  | Discrete    |
| Jaxmarl      | MABRAX                | Continuous  |
|              | SMAX                  | Continuous  |

Reviewer 3: If we will mention the different environments I think we need to add a comment that we are working on verifying the performance of mava on them because we may confirm that all works perfectly once we make a full benchmark :pray:

Reviewer 2: **_Update_**: Since the `connector`  env is using a CNN network we may add another column citing the corresponding network for each env and mention that for action space we need to check the corresponding ActionHead as well in the network.yaml file:

```makefile
| Library/Site | Environment Supported | Action Space | Network
|--------------|-----------------------|-------------|-------------
| Jumanji      | LBF                   | Discrete    | Default (mlp)
|              | RWARE                 | Discrete    | Default
|              | Connector             | Discrete    | CNN
| Jaxmarl      | MABRAX                | Continuous  | Default
|              | SMAX                  | Continuous  | Default

## Code Philosophy 🧘

> The current code in Mava is adapted from [PureJaxRL][purejaxrl] which provides high-quality single-file implementations with research-friendly features. In turn, PureJaxRL is inspired by the code philosophy from [CleanRL][cleanrl]. Along this vein of easy-to-use and understandable RL codebases, Mava is not designed to be a modular library and is not meant to be imported. Our repository focuses on simplicity and clarity in its implementations while utilising the advantages offered by JAX such as `pmap` and `vmap`, making it an excellent resource for researchers and practitioners to build upon. A notable difference between Mava and other single-file libraries is that Mava makes use of abstraction where relevant. In particular, this is done for network and environment creation.

Reviewer 2: Maybe `network` -> `neural network` or something clearer if exists

To get started with training your first Mava system, simply run one of the system files. e.g.,

```bash
python mava/systems/ppo/ff_ippo.py
```

Mava makes use of Hydra for config management. In order to see our default system configs please see the `mava/configs/` directory. A benefit of Hydra is that configs can either be set in config yaml files or overwritten from the terminal on the fly. For an example of running a system on the LBF environment, the above code can simply be adapted as follows:

```bash
python mava/systems/ppo/ff_ippo.py env=lbf
```

Different scenarios can also be run by making the following config updates from the terminal:

```bash
python mava/systems/ppo/ff_ippo.py env=rware env/scenario=tiny-4ag
```

> To toggle between continuous and discrete systems, simply select the continuous action space network head. To run the same system on an `MaBrax` environment make the follow config updates from the terminal:

Reviewer: Just to make it clear that MaBrax is continuous

```suggestion
To toggle between continuous and discrete systems, simply select the continuous action space network head. To run the same system on a continuous environment, like `MaBrax`, make the follow config updates from the terminal:
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To toggle between continuous and discrete systems, simply select the continuous action space network head. To run the same system on a `MaBrax` environment make the following config updates from the terminal:
```

We plan to iteratively expand Mava in the following increments:

- 🌴 Support for more environments.

> - 🔁 More robust recurrent systems.

Reviewer: Can we also close the issue Edan raised around this
